#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.14
    # via microsoft-kiota-authentication-azure
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
ansible==12.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ansible-compat==25.8.1
    # via ansible-lint
ansible-core==2.19.3
    # via
    #   ansible
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-lint
ansible-lint==25.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==4.9.0
    # via httpx
applicationinsights==0.11.10
    # via azure-cli-telemetry
argcomplete==3.5.3
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   knack
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
azure-cli-core==2.77.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-cli-telemetry==1.1.0
    # via azure-cli-core
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-apimanagement
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-automation
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-datafactory
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-managedservices
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-notificationhubs
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
azure-containerregistry==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-core==1.35.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-containerregistry
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   microsoft-kiota-authentication-azure
    #   msrest
azure-identity==1.21.0
    # via msgraph-sdk
azure-keyvault==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-keyvault-certificates==4.9.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-keys==4.10.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.9.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-mgmt-apimanagement==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-authorization==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-automation==1.1.0b4
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-batch==18.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-cdn==13.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-compute==37.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-containerinstance==10.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-containerregistry==14.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-containerservice==39.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-core==1.6.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-mgmt-apimanagement
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-automation
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-datafactory
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-managedservices
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-notificationhubs
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
azure-mgmt-cosmosdb==10.0.0b5
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-datafactory==9.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-devtestlabs==10.0.0b2
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-dns==9.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-eventhub==11.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-hdinsight==9.1.0b1
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-iothub==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-keyvault==12.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-loganalytics==13.0.0b7
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-managedservices==7.0.0b2
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-managementgroups==1.1.0b2
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering==1.2.0b2
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-monitor==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-network==29.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-notificationhubs==8.1.0b2
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-nspkg==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-privatedns==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-rdbms==10.2.0b18
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-recoveryservices==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup==10.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-redis==14.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-resource==24.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-search==9.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-servicebus==9.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-sql==4.0.0b24
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-storage==23.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-trafficmanager==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-web==10.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-nspkg==3.0.2
    # via azure-mgmt-nspkg
azure-storage-blob==12.27.0b1
    # via -r requirements.in
black==25.1.0
    # via ansible-lint
bracex==2.5.post1
    # via wcmatch
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   msrest
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via black
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via
    #   ansible-core
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
distro==1.9.0
    # via azure-cli-core
filelock==3.18.0
    # via ansible-lint
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
h2==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx[http2]==0.28.1
    # via
    #   microsoft-kiota-http
    #   msgraph-core
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via azure-cli-core
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   opentelemetry-api
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   azure-containerregistry
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-apimanagement
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-automation
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-datafactory
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-managedservices
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-notificationhubs
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msrest
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via ansible-core
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   knack
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-lint
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
knack==0.11.0
    # via azure-cli-core
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
microsoft-kiota-abstractions==1.9.3
    # via
    #   microsoft-kiota-authentication-azure
    #   microsoft-kiota-http
    #   microsoft-kiota-serialization-form
    #   microsoft-kiota-serialization-json
    #   microsoft-kiota-serialization-multipart
    #   microsoft-kiota-serialization-text
    #   msgraph-core
microsoft-kiota-authentication-azure==1.9.3
    # via msgraph-core
microsoft-kiota-http==1.9.3
    # via msgraph-core
microsoft-kiota-serialization-form==1.9.3
    # via msgraph-sdk
microsoft-kiota-serialization-json==1.9.3
    # via msgraph-sdk
microsoft-kiota-serialization-multipart==1.9.3
    # via msgraph-sdk
microsoft-kiota-serialization-text==1.9.3
    # via msgraph-sdk
microsoft-security-utilities-secret-masker==1.0.0b4
    # via azure-cli-core
msal==1.34.0b1
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.2.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-identity
msgraph-core==1.3.3
    # via msgraph-sdk
msgraph-sdk==1.47.0
    # via -r requirements.in
msrest==0.7.1
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opentelemetry-api==1.32.1
    # via
    #   microsoft-kiota-abstractions
    #   microsoft-kiota-authentication-azure
    #   microsoft-kiota-http
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
opentelemetry-sdk==1.32.1
    # via
    #   microsoft-kiota-abstractions
    #   microsoft-kiota-authentication-azure
    #   microsoft-kiota-http
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.53b1
    # via opentelemetry-sdk
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-core
    #   ansible-lint
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   black
    #   knack
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   black
    #   yamllint
pkginfo==1.12.1.2
    # via azure-cli-core
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via black
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via
    #   azure-cli-telemetry
    #   msal-extensions
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via azure-cli-core
py-deviceid==0.1.1
    # via azure-cli-core
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.19.1
    # via knack
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   msal
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via azure-cli-core
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-core
    #   ansible-lint
    #   knack
    #   yamllint
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   ansible-lint
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests[socks]==2.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-core
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via msrest
resolvelib==1.0.1
    # via ansible-core
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.14
    # via ansible-lint
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
six==1.17.0
    # via azure-core
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
std-uritemplate==2.0.3
    # via microsoft-kiota-abstractions
subprocess-tee==0.4.2
    # via
    #   ansible-compat
    #   ansible-lint
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via knack
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-apimanagement
    #   azure-mgmt-automation
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-cosmosdb
    #   azure-mgmt-datafactory
    #   azure-mgmt-devtestlabs
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-eventhub
    #   azure-mgmt-hdinsight
    #   azure-mgmt-iothub
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-loganalytics
    #   azure-mgmt-managedservices
    #   azure-mgmt-managementgroups
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-privatedns
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservices
    #   azure-mgmt-recoveryservicesbackup
    #   azure-mgmt-redis
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-search
    #   azure-mgmt-servicebus
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
wcmatch==10.0
    # via ansible-lint
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via deprecated
xmltodict==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
yamllint==1.37.1
    # via ansible-lint
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
